So here is a short lecture to show you
some simple S3 bucket policies that can come up in the exam.
So the first one is to force HTTPS
for encryption in flight.
So in that case, we wanna have a bucket policy
where we deny any request
where the SecureTransport is false.
That means that we're not using HTTPS.
So HTTP will be denied and HTTPS is going to be allowed.
It's something you've seen.
Now you should know about this condition.
The second one is to restrict by public IP address.
So we take an S3 bucket
and we access it by using the public API.
So here we block traffic
unless we have a specified source IP
that is contained within a CIDR of IP addresses.
So here, we deny users that don't have the correct IP
and users that do have the correct IP,
for example, from a corporate office,
are able to do API calls against my S3 buckets.
Lastly, it's possible for you to restrict by user id.
So we have an S3 bucket and we want to restrict access
only for specific users.
So how do we do this?
Well, we have a AWS userId tag.
So we have the Role ID we can reference or the User ID
or the Account ID, and that's how we restrict access
for a bucket from specific id.
So for example, this account cannot access it,
but that account can access it.
All right, that's it for the bucket policies.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.